README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://master.d3knmnietsgia5.amplifyapp.com" target="blank"><img src="./core/assets/wrs.png" width="320" alt="WRSa logo" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">Starter code for your next React Saga application</p>

`create-wrsa` is CLI tool for quickly setup your next Webpack-React-Saga application. React codebase which has Redux-Saga and Scss setup from the scratch? Not sure how to setup Webpack and babel? Want to stay away from Create-React-App? Well if you have these mind-boggling question then you come to the right place. Webpack-React-Saga is is one stop solution for 
- Rapidly build POC(Proof of Concepts) around React hooks and Redux-Saga with webpack.
- Boilerplate code for your next big assignment.
- In built configuration for Production and Develop environment.
- Storybooks provided, to build components ahead of time.

You can find the live demo over [here](https://master.d3knmnietsgia5.amplifyapp.com)

## 💻 Technology Stack

- **React**
- **Redux-Saga**
- **ES6+**
- **Sass**
- **Webpack**
- **Jest**
- **Enzyme**
- **Storybook.js**
- **Babel**

## 🚀 Features
- Lean and easy to understand webpack configurations for production and development environment.
- Sass/Scss support. No more plain old CSS 😁.
- Unit test case examples included (More will be added soon).
- NO create-react-app used. You can configure your app as per your need.
- Functional components and hooks 😍.
- Proper implementation of Redux-Saga without polluting actions.
- Boilerplate code is based on a real-world project done for one of my clients.
- Constant maintenance and package updates.
- Optimized bundle size for production.
- Redux devtool integration with trace enabled.
- Storybook.js to showcase your componet ahead of feature development.

## How to use?

### Development server

    $ git clone https://github.com/sprakash57/webpack-react-saga.git
    $ cd webpack-react-saga
    $ npm i 
    $ npm start

    > Open `localhost:3000` in the Browser.

### Production build
    $ npm run build

    > Bundle files can be found in `dist` folder under root directory

### Storybook
    $ npm run storybook

    > Open `localhost:6006` in the Browser.

## 🤝 Want to Contribute? Follow these steps (Important!!):
1. Fork this repo. - Click the fork symbol on rightmost top corner of your window.

2. Visit https://github.com/sprakash57/webpack-react-saga/issues, comment on the issue so that i can assign it to you.

3. Clone the forked repo. - Click the green button saying "Code" with a download button.

4. Do a thorough testing, provide inline comments for complex logic.

5. Write proper and meaningful commit messages. Provide information about any new packages included.

6. Create a Pull Request. - Follow this guide https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-pull-request-on-github to raise a PR.

### Note: If you need detailed info on Pull request
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/making-a-pull-request.

Commit message:

handled failing cases for CLI. working on README section

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://master.d3knmnietsgia5.amplifyapp.com" target="blank"><img src="./core/assets/wrs.png" width="320" alt="WRSa logo" /></a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Create React Saga</h1>

`create-wrsa` is CLI tool for quickly setup your next clutter free webpack backed React application. It provides you latest hooks based codebase, test files and storybooks. See the features section for more details.

## 📺 Demo

You can find the live demo of the running boilerplate over [here](https://master.d3knmnietsgia5.amplifyapp.com)

## 💻 Technology Stack

- **React**
- **Redux-Saga**
- **ES6+**
- **Sass**
- **Webpack**
- **Jest**
- **Enzyme**
- **Storybook.js**
- **Babel**

## 🚀 Features
- Lean and easy to understand webpack configurations for production and development environment.
- Sass/Scss support. No more plain old CSS 😁.
- Unit test case examples included (More will be added soon).
- NO create-react-app used. You can configure your app as per your need.
- Functional components and hooks 😍.
- Proper implementation of Redux-Saga without polluting actions.
- Boilerplate code is based on a real-world project done for one of my clients.
- Constant maintenance and package updates.
- Optimized bundle size for production.
- Redux devtool integration with trace enabled.
- Storybook.js to showcase your componet ahead of feature development.

## 📙 Documentation

Coming soon...

## How to use?

### Development server

    $ git clone https://github.com/sprakash57/webpack-react-saga.git
    $ cd webpack-react-saga
    $ npm i 
    $ npm start

    > Open `localhost:3000` in the Browser.

### Production build
    $ npm run build

    > Bundle files can be found in `dist` folder under root directory

### Storybook
    $ npm run storybook

    > Open `localhost:6006` in the Browser.

## 🤝 Want to Contribute? Follow these steps (Important!!):
1. Fork this repo. - Click the fork symbol on rightmost top corner of your window.

2. Visit https://github.com/sprakash57/webpack-react-saga/issues, comment on the issue so that i can assign it to you.

3. Clone the forked repo. - Click the green button saying "Code" with a download button.

4. Do a thorough testing, provide inline comments for complex logic.

5. Write proper and meaningful commit messages. Provide information about any new packages included.

6. Create a Pull Request. - Follow this guide https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-pull-request-on-github to raise a PR.

### Note: If you need detailed info on Pull request
https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/making-a-pull-request.
